Here are the lis of new changes:

Header
1. THe old header still seems to there behind the new header. Hide the old header completely
2. Add the light and dark theme switch button on the right side before the account avatar. Switching between them should properly apply the color styles from the light and dark theme depending on the theme selection
3. Adjust the background color and foreground color of the avatar component so it is visible against header background

Course Dashboard
1. Welcome message
1.1 The margin from the header to the "Welcome to Zuvy. You are on route to becoming a star programmer!" message to around 48px (adjust in rem)
1.2 Remove the background color for the welcome message.

2. What's Next section: 
2.1 Fix the left and right padding for the items so they do not touch the card boundaries
2.2 Correct the height of the card such that it hugs the content and unnecessary space is not left out like the current version
2.3 Align the buttons for each item vertically centered on the right
2.4 Replace on the assignments item with upcoming assessment item
2.5 Use the following colors for the CTAs: Primary for CTA of live classes, Secondary for CTA of assignments and quiz, Accent for CTA of assessments

3. Course Modules section:
3.1 Position the progress percentage number at the end of the progress bar and in line with the progress text instead of at the right of the card
3.2 THe CTAs in this section should use button component and primary background with appropriate foreground color. Height of all button component should be 48px (adjust in rem)

Course Module Details Page

1. Remove the "back to dashboard" button. Not needed as we have the breadcrumb navigation
2. Remove the "Web  development bootcamp" link as we only have the course dashboard and the module name

Left Pane (Module Content)

1. In selected state, the foreground color for icons and text is not correct. It should a variable of white color
2. Module content need not be a card. We can keep it as a list of items. This will fix the empty space issue at the bottom of the card
3. Completed items should use the success green color for check marks

Right page
1. Live Class (create 3 live classes for each condition)
1.1 If live class is about to happen, then from 10 minutes until the class time, the CTA should be "Join Class". Use the button specs as mentioned before in 3.2
1.2 If live class is in the future then instead of a CTA show a countdown in format of "Class starts in X days" and "Class starts in X hours Y minutes" if it is on the same day
1.3 If the live class has happened, then show a checkmark with completed status and a video player for the recording of the class 

2. Video
2.1 Remove the rewatch video CTA. WHen student has watched the video, mark it as complete and they can anyway watch it again from the video player

3. Reading Material
3.1 Correct the button used to mark it as complete accoridng the button specs defined earlier in 3.2

4. Assignment
4.1 Subimssion requirements seems to be in a card with light bluish background. No need for it to be in a card. Just put it as text in the parent card
4.2 Adjust the download instructions and submit assignment buttons according to the button specs defined earlier in 3.2

5. General Instructions
Bottom margin on both dashboard and course modules details page should be at least 64px (adjust in rem)